Issue/DI-615 Additional documentation changes (#53)
InRule/AzureAppServices: README.md

InRule Cloud Deployment Options for Microsoft Azure
====

> InRule provides cloud deployment options that allow you to run irCatalog, irCatalog Manager Website, and [Decision Services](https://support.inrule.com/hc/en-us/articles/13140368354445-Introduction-to-Decision-Services) inside of the Microsoft Azure App Service environment with minimal configuration and setup. For a store-front UI enabled deployment experience, visit our InRule Decision Services [marketplace listing](). For additional information on other deployment options and their repsective deployment process, please see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InRule provides cloud deployment options that allow you to run irCatalog, irCatalog Manager Website, and [Decision Services](https://support.inrule.com/hc/en-us/articles/13140368354445-Introduction-to-Decision-Services) inside of the Microsoft Azure App Service environment with minimal configuration and setup. For a store-front UI enabled deployment experience, visit our InRule Decision Services [marketplace listing](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps/inruletechnology-1043512.inrule-execution). For additional information on other deployment options and their respective deployment process, please see below.
```
We did decide to use the existing execution service listing, so I'm going to go ahead and drop that in

Author: Perfect! Thanks!
